add documentation for MS Graph plugin (#130703)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/elasticsearch-plugins/ms-graph-authz-configure-elasticsearch.md

---
mapped_pages:
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/plugins/current/ms-graph-authz-configure-elastic.html
---

# Configuration properties [configuration-properties]

> Once the plugin is installed, the following configuration settings are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the plugin is installed, the following configuration settings are available:
```

`xpack.security.authc.realms.microsoft_graph.*.client_id`
:   The Application ID of the Enterprise Application you registered in the previous section. This setting is required.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.microsoft_graph.*.client_secret`
:   The client secret value for the Application you registered in the previous section. This is a sensitive setting, and must be configured in the Elasticsearch keystore. This setting is required.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.microsoft_graph.*.access_token_host`
:   A Microsoft login URL. Defaults to `https://login.microsoftonline.com`.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.microsoft_graph.*.graph_host`
:   The Microsoft Graph base address. Defaults to `https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0`.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.microsoft_graph.*.http_request_timeout`
:   The timeout for individual Graph HTTP requests. Defaults to `10s`.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.microsoft_graph.*.execution_timeout`
:   The overall timeout for authorization requests to this plugin. Defaults to `30s`.

Create a Microsoft Graph realm, following the above settings, then configure an existing realm to delegate to it using `authorization_realms`.

> For example, to authenticate via Microsoft Entra with SAML and use the Microsoft Graph plugin to look up group membership:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following configuration authenticates using Microsoft Entra with SAML, and uses the Microsoft Graph plugin to look up group membership:
```
